Complete scripts information (#27215)
kubernetes/website: scripts/README.md

+ [foo](http://bar)                   : insecure links to external site
+ [foo](https://k8s.io/website/...)   : hardcoded site domain name

+ [foo](/<lang>/docs/bar/...)  : where <lang> is not 'en'
  + /<lang>/docs/bar           : contains shortcode, so ignore, or
  + /<lang>/docs/bar           : is a image link (ignore currently), or
  + /<lang>/docs/bar           : points to shared (non-localized) page, or
  + /<lang>/docs/bar.md        : exists for current lang, or
  + /<lang>/docs/bar/_index.md : exists for current lang, or
  + /<lang>/docs/bar/          : is a redirect entry, or
  + /<lang>/docs/bar           : is something we don't understand, then ERR

+ [foo](/docs/bar/...)
  + /docs/bar                : contains shortcode, so ignore, or
  + /docs/bar                : is a image link (ignore currently), or
  + /docs/bar                : points to a shared (non-localized) page, or
  + /docs/bar.md             : exists for current lang, or
  + /docs/bar/_index.md      : exists for current lang, or
  + /docs/bar                : is a redirect entry, or
  + /docs/bar                : is something we don't understand

```
## lsync.sh

> This script checks if the English version of a page has changed since a localized page has been committed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This script checks if the English version of some localized contents have changed 
since a localized version has been committed.
```

    $ ./scripts/lsync.sh 

> 

Reviewer: The following example check a single file:

```shell
./scripts/lsync.sh content/zh/docs/concepts/_index.md
```

The following command checks a subdirectory:

```shell
./scripts/lsync.sh content/zh/docs/concepts/
```

+ [foo](/<lang>/docs/bar/...)  : where <lang> is not 'en'
  + /<lang>/docs/bar           : contains shortcode, so ignore, or
  + /<lang>/docs/bar           : is a image link (ignore currently), or
  + /<lang>/docs/bar           : points to shared (non-localized) page, or
  + /<lang>/docs/bar.md        : exists for current lang, or
  + /<lang>/docs/bar/_index.md : exists for current lang, or
  + /<lang>/docs/bar/          : is a redirect entry, or
  + /<lang>/docs/bar           : is something we don't understand, then ERR

+ [foo](/docs/bar/...)
  + /docs/bar                : contains shortcode, so ignore, or
  + /docs/bar                : is a image link (ignore currently), or
  + /docs/bar                : points to a shared (non-localized) page, or
  + /docs/bar.md             : exists for current lang, or
  + /docs/bar/_index.md      : exists for current lang, or
  + /docs/bar                : is a redirect entry, or
  + /docs/bar                : is something we don't understand

```
## lsync.sh

This script checks if the English version of some localized contents have changed 
since a localized version has been committed.

The following example check a single file:

> ./scripts/lsync.sh content/zh/docs/concepts/_index.md

Reviewer: line 149 is supposed to be a command line. Please consider wrap it with three backticks.
So is link 153.
